Update cross-tenant-onedrive-migration.md (#11874)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/cross-tenant-onedrive-migration.md

Each OneDrive account can have a maximum of 2 TB of content or 1 million items.

> >[!Important]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
```

> >If you attempt to migrate any OneDrive site that exceeds the 2TB quota, the transfer will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you attempt to migrate any OneDrive site that exceeds the 2 TB quota, the transfer will fail.
```
